`Popup`: component and app (#406)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-toolkit: toolkit/popup/README.md

# Popup

## Description

> The Popup toolkit component enables users to edit field values of features in a layer using the `Popup` API that has been configured externally (using either in the Web Map Viewer or the Fields Maps web app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Popup toolkit component enables users to view field values of features in a layer using the `Popup` API that has been configured externally (using either in the Web Map Viewer or the Fields Maps web app).
```

## Behavior

To see it in action, check out the [microapp](../../microapps/PopupApp).

## Features

The `Popup` is a composable function that can render a [Popup object](https://developers.arcgis.com/kotlin/api-reference/arcgis-maps-kotlin/com.arcgismaps.mapping.popup/-popup/index.html) using Jetpack Compose.
- It can be integrated into any custom layout or container. The [microapp](../../microapps/PopupApp) integrates it into a `BottomSheet`.
- It follows the material 3 design system.

## Get Started

> To get started, set up a `composable MapView` as described [here](../geo-view-composable/README.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started, set up a `composable MapView` as described [here](../geoview-compose/README.md)
```
